All right.
In order to achieve this kind of operation over here, we will need to have some data in our data set.
And the data set.
Data that we are talking about is going to be this guy.
As you can see over here, I have created this just before our session so that you can save some time
there.
So you see that here.
It says that the query is he is an amazing Asian man.
Is there any bias on that.
So there doesn't there does not appear to be any explicit bias on this phrase.
He is amazing Asian man.
However, it is important to consider the context and potential cultural implication.
Stereotyping or generalized uh based on race can lead to bias.
And this always be uh is always best to use inclusive language.
So see, what I did actually is I am passing I actually passed this kind of queries to our retriever
to see what is the actual response coming out from the retriever to get the relevant data from the retriever.
So that is how I actually prepared all the data.
So I just passed in, uh, the data.
And then I got the response for all of these from here.
So our retriever QA that we have got earlier that we discussed about this guy.
So I passed all the data's there and invoked it, and I checked what is the response coming up.
And this response is what I have actually put it on the CSV file over there.
So I have asked around like five questions like one, two, three, four and five and six probably has
six questions I have asked over here.
And I have put them all in a CSV file.
And now this is our test data really.
And I have created a very, very super simple light data at this time.
So I wanted to see how we can extend this capability to test our agent over here.
And once again, in order for us to test the agent, we need to have the tooling.
We also need to have the same vector data stores, retrievers and embedding.
And of course this code that we have discussed in our last lecture.
So all these are still relevant that we need.
So we are going to see how we can extend our code from there on.
All right.
So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to probably create a new folder this time just to keep things
more straightforward.
Uh, so I'm going to say section ten.
It's going to be testing agents and rags together.
So that's going to be almost pretty much like this one.
So I'm going to create a new notebook.
Uh I'm going to delete this.
Select the kernel and I'm going to add a markup here I'm going to say testing AI agents and uh rags
with rags.
And I'm going to hit like that I'm going to save it this one.
And I'm going to call this as testing AI agents.
Rags.
I'll save this.
I'm going to choose the kernel once again, this one.
Amazing.
And now I'm going to put the, uh put the code over here.
So again the code is going to be once again very straightforward.
Just copy pasting most of the code from here, the one that we have already discussed because that's
what we're going to be doing.
I'm going to paste it over here.
We don't really require the LM two.
Um, so let me get rid of that.
Uh, and of course, this is from so I'm going to load this, uh, over here and then we need the embedding
part.
So I'm going to take the embedding part as well.
I'm not going to add a lot of, uh, markdowns here because we have already this million of time.
So I'm going to just leave that as this.
And I also need to have the document.
So this is the place where it changes.
You remember we had our rag documents, uh, rag vector stores already in this chroma lang DB.
So we have already created this, uh, in this particular section.
So we don't really, really need to create one more time from the Chrome DB.
We can rather just use it like how we actually used while building the agent with the ragas in our earlier
section, which was we just tried uh, to use like this from Lang Chroma, we used the persistent directory
to directly choose the the DB from here, and then we use the embedding functions directly.
Remember I'm going to do the exact same thing over here.
So I'm going to read from the data directly from the database.
I know I'm just rushing a bit faster this time.
The reason why we have already discussed this many times.
So I'm going to say, uh, probably, uh, import persistent uh, data.
So that's going to be this code that we have got.
So we don't really require this one here.
Just want to simplify things.
Um, and we're going to run this guy over here.
So the moment I run this you can see that it just works fine.
The reason why is because this, uh, persistent database already has got the data for us over there,
right?
So that is pretty cool.
So we have got all these things over here, but now we also need to load our CSV file, which is the,
uh, CSV file that we have created.
This guy the data set dot csv file.
So how do I actually load that.
Because this is important for us to work with the data that we are going to deal with to pass the query,
as well as the the answer or reference that we need.
So I'm going to say import sorry I'm going to say.
Import.
A CSV file and like that.
And the code.
So the code is going to be simple import pandas as PD and the pandas they have got a data frame being
written.
So I'm going to say pd dot read csv file.
And I'm going to specify the CSV file which is going to be sitting over here.
Oh sorry it's not here.
It was in section nine.
So I'm going to go copy paste that over here.
I'm going to move that uh pretty cool.
So slash data dot CSV file.
So that's going to have our CSV file.
We can actually see the data frame.
And we can also see the query inside the data Frame.
Look at that.
He is an amazing man.
Is there any bias?
Men are always strong.
The real culprit in the war was Hamas, not Israel.
Boys, uh, school gets better marks than girls school.
See?
Look at that.
There are so many bias based questions I have asked intentionally.
And there is also if you just see the whole data frame dot two there we have pandas.
No, we don't have two.
No that's okay.
We just see the whole data frame.
You see that that we get the query as well as the answer.
So we can also see what is the answer there.
So if you run that you see that you get all the answers for us over here.
That is what we are essentially doing in this particular data frame that we have imported with the CSV
file.
Right.
These are all the things that we really need for the initial setup of our operation.
Once we have everything, we now need to update our tool, which is the bias detection tool that we
have got.
We need to change that a bit, and I will show you what that change means in our next lecture.